Take direct personal op we'll change
and responds 35 and commented here on our
video the felipe martins face when it descends
reset may enter another account
windows live id sim felipe martins
when you reserve your device you
can enter another microsoft account
Alex asked here for us to have jail.
I'm in my second lumia the first
It was the 620's and I never had to
reset it and today I'm already 1820
It's been two months since I've never needed it.
reset it perfect then
you generally recommend entering
Someone or yourself leads to
experience for your life.
the appliance to start using and do not
it's giving you trouble, you do not need to do
reset
we recommend to warn but you
did not do well if you do not have any
problem in the great album rossini device
Did you comment? You gave me patience again.
There has to be the black.
so in that episode we had
yes again for assistance
that assistance I love our 720 here
In this other personal video commented here
lucas alves adriano and 10 cards and
Lucas is not ours.
So we're going to try to return the
assistance even because you
size of the problem this can give
Someone with 120 has
volume button problem - many people
My friend, unfortunately this was a problem.
seriously that happened with some 720
including the windows channel staff
phone souza has this problem
rafael silva mine also only catches when
would you like
So you people who have problem with
volume button - on the fire of you love
and assistance as soon as possible
daniel appeared seen anyway if
involving in the crowd decided not
normal not ours for example never gave
this problem
the ms IPHAN news gives me this card
sd I need ms was it news we did not
will sort things out here on the channel
that have not arrived yet but will not be the
case of that card
vanderson joas you paid something was in
warranty was vanderson and
did not cost so much to put in the
mail or by repair
daniel codelco carvalho thinks of these
Board data and are generic face
eyes of my order
first time want site display gay flexx
everything else
and take a goal I do not know if they are generic anymore
in the expo - form an invoice then
theoretically they have to be exchanged
even certain parts note that the appliance
Do you have bed problem?
third time a third friend shame
time and it did not work for you, send the fourth
enter the procon you can ask the
money back you may have had
chance and picked up a defective
truth has seen regret the assistance
nokia technology allows to buy 1925
but I've already canceled the idea depends on a
friend but it 's true if you take the
faulty device do not accept it
send for assistance in procon
that its right lucas henriques that good
that 120 returned has 820 sale store with
appears to be a defect in the
How imperceptible I will not look
this is when it is really defective.
the sister to give a general perfect lucas
Just do not let the 12 months pass is fine.
liddy space at least your order one
sd card the most because in my mandate
along with charger and came without it
claiming that it was the fault of the post office and
that did not count an item that the
The consumer is left undone and the
space has already thought of looking for procon
would keep the vouchers and will
no procon 11 julio cesar how much you
paid on tour nothing July this time
nothing this here was the end of the market
responds today to each response 35 and
there are doubts as to whether they
They want to talk to us, it's just you.
get in touch with us understand
direct gmail.com robot or comment on this
video here that we answer in teak
to reply please subscribe to the channel
Enlist whether the video destination
favorites in add favorites
is the staff of the next video in the groove
straight and went